Update 10-migrate-renku-1-project-to-renku-2.md (#4302)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: docs/docs/10-users/85-migrate-v1-v2/10-migrate-renku-1-project-to-renku-2.md

# Migrate a Renku Legacy project to Renku 2.0

> Time is running short! Renku Legacy was discontinued in October 2025, and you still have access to your Renkulab Gitlab projects until end of January 2026. Hence, move your code repositories as explained in our [detailed migration guides]([https://blog.renkulab.io/sunsetting-legacy/](https://blog.renkulab.io/sunsetting-legacy/#how-to-move-a-code-repository-to-an-external-provider) and in our dedicated videos.

Reviewer: Broken markdown link:

```suggestion
Time is running short! Renku Legacy was discontinued in October 2025, and you still have access to your Renkulab Gitlab projects until end of January 2026. Hence, move your code repositories as explained in our [detailed migration guides](https://blog.renkulab.io/sunsetting-legacy/#how-to-move-a-code-repository-to-an-external-provider) and in our dedicated videos.
```

    6. Click **Next**
    7. Give your Launcher a **name** that describes what it does
  
## Renku Legacy Migration Blog and Youtube videos

Time is running short! Renku Legacy will be discontinued in January 2026, Make a smooth transition with our detailed migration guides:https://blog.renkulab.io/sunsetting-legacy/ and watch our videos.

> <iframe width="560" height="315" src="[https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLagSzgm6aERkLQ8LINw8luZKdv9ru7aHh&si=cA5Z8joDqdprVt0g](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLagSzgm6aERkLQ8LINw8luZKdv9ru7aHh&si=cA5Z8joDqdprVt0g)" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe> *Learn the main steps to successfully migrate your project from Renku Legacy*

Reviewer: Incorrect iframe (does not load).

```suggestion
<div style={{textAlign: "center"}}>
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/videoseries?si=sT-HeSUMib4O3d7b&amp;list=PLagSzgm6aERkLQ8LINw8luZKdv9ru7aHh" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

*Learn the main steps to successfully migrate your project from Renku Legacy*
</div>
```

Author: thanks Flora for the adjustments
